e,f,p
I went to their home/apartment,be rhoonashoon / apartemeneshoon raftam
we went to a bar,be bâr raftim
which bar did you go to?,kodum bâr raftid?
we went to a bar in Mission,dar Mission bâr raftim
you and you friend went to a bar,shoma va dustet be bâr raftid
only you and your friend?,farat shoma va dustet?
we were about 8 friends,taghliban haft dust boudim
what did you eat?,ghaza chi rhordi?
your windows are open or closed?,panjereye shoma bâz hast yâ baste hast
all the windows are closed,hameye panjereheya baste hast
do you know what is "apple"?,midooni chie "sib"?
in Iran, iranians like the french nose,dar iran iraniha binie faransavi rheili dust dâram
where is the wedding in France?,dar Farance dar koja hast?
close to Spain,nazdik Espania hast
what's the name of the city?,esmeh chaghl chie?
are you from Narbonne?,shoma [az chahre]/ahle/az Narbonne hasti?
because I like south of France's food,tchon ghazâye djoonoobe Farance dust dâram
how many guests to you have?,tchand mehhmân (mehhmoon) dâri?
where re the guests staying?,mehhmounha koja mimounand (mandan)?
some of our guests / some of them,baazi az mehhmounhamoon / baazi az ouna
they stay at the hotel,dar hotel mimoonand
baazi digge, some others
what time is the wedding?,arroussi saate chande?
the wedding starts at 4,arroussi saate chahar (dârad) shooroo' mishe
in the morning we will prepare,sobh amâde mishim
we setup de lights,cherâghooni mikonim
come to my place,pishema miad
we eat a quick lunch,tond nahar mirholim
the guests arrive,mehhmoonha miressan(d) (ressidan)
we start the ceremony,marâssem-râ shooloo' mikonim
how was your trip?,safaretoon chetor boud
how was your day?,roozetoon chetor boud
what places did you go to?,kojaha raftim?
what places did you see?,kojaha râ didim?
what did you eat?,ghaza chi rhordim?
this is near Malihe's place,ounja nazdike rhooneye Malihe hast 
she is at her place,dar rhoonesh hast
this flower is as beautiful as that flower,in gol be roshkel[ie] oun miz ast
this orange is as delicious as this apple,in porteghâl be rhoshmaze[gie] oun sibe
give him/her my book,be ou ketâbam râ bede
I try hard,rheili saaye mikonam
the car of my friend's mom,machine mamâne doustam
I don't know when you arrive,nemidoonam kei miressi
